# FTC Into The Deep
I was the main coder for FTC team 6175 for the Into the Deep (2024-2025) season. I learnt a significant amount about how FTC functions, organisation within a team, and the aspects of developing, organising, and maintaining a larger codebase. I think that my peers, both in my team and from the other teams, really shaped my experience. A lot of the problem-solving I did was collaborative. The experience was able to help me learn a good work ethic, where I stayed after class on many occasions to work on the robot, even bringing the robot home to code and fix it at one point.
## Experience/Timeline
At first, I really had no idea what I was doing. However, using FTC docs and guidance from other teams, I was able to figure out how to use OnBotJava. I was able to keep up with most of the beginning of the season. Later on, it really sped up, and it was difficult to help with mechanical and also code at the same time. I began using Android Studio, which was difficult for me to learn, especially with things like gradle and ADB, but the other team's coders (6162) were able to help me. I think something significant that I had to learn was to not waste my time by over engineering solutions and just read the docs. I had a lot of problems early season with RoadRunner, so I gave up and just trid to implement it from scratch. This, of course, didn't work. By the end of the season, I had a mostly functional codebase with git, a proper method for pushing code to the robot, and much less over-engineered code.<br>
<br>
Repo: <a href="https://github.com/normalday843812/FTC-6175" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" aria-label="GitHub"><i class="bi bi-github"></i></a> <br>
Scoring report from the season: <a href="https://ftc-events.firstinspires.org/2024/team/6175" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Here</a>